♪ Molten bloody earth ♪
♪ A focused open wound ♪
♪ All highways lead right here ♪
♪ Ghost ♪
♪ Dancing around my head ♪
♪ Glowing stems of death ♪
♪ Time is time again ♪
♪ Ghost ♪
♪ Anodyne ♪
♪ You move like heaven ♪
♪ Physical comfort. drift away ♪
♪ Anodyne distortion has
Brought us back together ♪
♪ Operation Overlife.
guide us away ♪
♪ Hide ♪
♪ Before the flood gates open ♪
♪ Can we just lie here
Till it's all over? ♪
♪ I hear the violence calling ♪
♪ Soon it flows inside ♪
♪ You build your
walls again. again ♪
♪ The faith you hide ♪
♪ Down with you ♪
♪ In the afterlife ♪
♪ Save me from this fate
I feel I have inside ♪
♪ You wonder why I'm all
out of tears to cry ♪
♪ Today. I'm not afraid to die ♪
♪ You wonder why ♪
♪ I'm all out of tears to cry ♪
♪ Today. I'm not afraid to die ♪
♪ As he takes from
me my last breath ♪
♪ Inhale ♪
♪ I'm picking up the scent ♪
♪ What a hell of a day ♪
♪ To embrace disorder ♪
♪ And there is something
In your eyes that burns ♪
♪ What a hell of a feeling ♪
♪ With such a brilliant mind ♪
♪ Can you feel those chemicals
In the air tonight? ♪
Hold!
You. why do you look human?
I am human.
Please. we mean no harm.
We're just trying
to get to safety.
- There's a...
- Safety?
You're smuggling
demons into our realm.
Our only safety is their
species' extinction.
You don't understand!
If you'll put the guns
down. I can explain.
DARKCOM. evacuate!
Now. we all go down the
rabbit hole together.
♪ Bless me ♪
♪ With the leaf
off of the tree ♪
♪ On it. I see ♪
♪ The freedom reign ♪
♪ We are falling ♪
♪ The light is calling ♪
♪ Tears inside me ♪
♪ Calm me down ♪
♪ Midnight calling ♪
♪ Mist of resolving ♪
♪ Crown me ♪
♪ With the pure. green leaf ♪
♪ Praise to my father ♪
♪ Blessed by the water ♪
♪ Black light. dark sky ♪
IN MEMORY OF KEVIN
CONROY
♪ The devil's cry ♪